started with reading the assigment and making a TODO list of functionalities, I also looked up what some standard python folder
structure was and found the src method most logical

First I did some looking at the labs we made and searched online before finding customtinker. 
With this I first make a server that can connect with multiple clients, each client can message the server 
and the server can pick which clients to message. This took about a day of work

Next I started working on the login system, this gave me the most trouble but I looked up some examples of python server and client
log in systems to help me out. 
The plan is to keep the user details hashed in a txt file in my data folder.
I decided it was better to use a clienthandler and added this to the server folder, then I used pickle to get the login to work.

I took a lot of work for me to figure out how to get a better GUI, a proper login with connected clients shown and being able to send messages to and from each other.
The next step was a bit easier to implement the registration.
I decided to add some simple checks, the main one being that usernames are unique, an email check and passwords need at least 4 characters.
A last check was just to make sure the input can't be too long, it is now max 32 characters.

Now I can start with getting the dataset going, firstly the dataset gets read when the server starts.
When a client connects the server sends over the column names so the client know the parameters for the different requests 
the client can ask.

I then quickly added the code to request the user credentials, it can give the details of the selected clients or if no client is selected it shows all know details.
I already implemented the logic for the get history button, it works with the same principle.
Lastly I added some extra code so that the server can send a normal message or a wanring depending on which button is pressed.

Now is time to start adding my requests to the client GUI. I started with my first request which would display a bar graph depending on which option is selected.
it shows all villagers by species, gender, personality and hobby. I get the correct data from the server and give it to the gui client to make a plot.

next I made the plot that counts the amount of birthdays per month since it was very similar to the previous one.

the 3rd graph was a bit more work, I had to rework my update_gui to take 3 arguments since I needed the specific texts from the dropdownbox.

Lastly you can select the options for species, personality and hobby to filter the dataset. This opens a customtinker top level with a table inside
filled with the result of the search. if a parameter is left empty it does not apply.

I realised a terrible mistake way too late to fix it properly so right now the clienthandler is part of the client code, not the server.

sadly I didn't have enough time to fix this so I went with what I had since that did work, I changed some code to work better and handled the 
user history as well.

Finally I went over my code to order it in a logical send en make sure there were comments to my liking. I also double check that no code is unused
and I have good naming coneventions.